Day 1
---发音
analysis
snapshots
testing suite is robust
--- 表达
really good = exceptional,phenomenal.
very bad = awful, horrible.
very dirty = filthy
really clean = spotless
very funny = hilarious
very pretty = gorgeous
very ugly = hideous
really important = critical crucial
really interesting = intriguing compelling
very big = massive tremendous
really hot = stifling
very cold = freezing
very mad = furious livid
really tired = exhausted/worn out
very busy = slammed
We're slammed this week at work.
I'm completely exhausted
He's totally worn out.
I'm fortunate to be part of such a foward thinking team.
Do you oversee the Firebase product?
So the underlying problem here is that it's really hard to reproduce what the CI is doing on your local machine.
We all know there is some kind of variance. 
We're blurring the lines between cloud and on-prem
I worked at Google prior to working at Yelp.
you should be constantly looking at as a team to continuously improve and find where the bottlenecks are and unblock your team so that you can increase both the quality and velocity of the work you're doing.
Get those roadblocks out of the way.
We have the concept of Maker Time in the product, which is how many uninterrupted two-hour block chunks do you have on the calendar for your engineering team
Tell me about the data sources that you can draw on to understand how engineers are performing.
So Augur has a token associated with it. What is the purpose of the Augur token?
What programming language was used to build Kubedirector?
What are the potential solutions for that?
Take me inside the product development. What has been the strategy for organizing your engineering team and what are you focused on right now?
​I've spent time in both academia and industry, and I think that's definitely been kind of a privilege and a great benefit to have that.
What are the tradeoffs in using serverless?
So in what ways does serverless change architecture of applications?
What were the deficiencies of the HTML5-based approach to Facebook mobile?
Solar can replicate an arbitrary number of times in the same way that MySQL can have arbitrary number of read replicas.
You were at both of those companies for four years respectively. 
--- 短语
De facto standard:A de facto standard is something that is used so widely that it is considered a standard for a given application although it has no official status.
Go overboard:to do something in a way that is excessive or extreme : to do too much of something
- Don't go overboard on/with the spices. [=do not add too many spices]

























--- new word
sidekick





























invincible
bigotry
animosity
bummed:disappointed/sad
bummed:to cause (someone) to feel sad or disappointed — usually + out
The news really bummed me out. = I was really bummed (out) by the news.

Well, here I have a bunch of, you know, a federation of systems, and I want to shield them from an onslaught of a DOS,
You have preponderance of evidence.
spurious facts
Wikipedia is essentially an encyclopedia of celebrities
Our thesis here is if we can make that pretty turnkey

wharf is getting mobbed
crotch is itchy
crematorium

03/13/21
Can I place an order for takeout?
Can I have/get (something) to go, please?
How long will it take?
Can I get half pound(lb) of turkey, please?

First Listen and then pick up the content words.
Comedian:Louis CK 

03/14/21
I beg to differ. 恐怕我难以苟同.
It's your call. 你决定.
Whatever works for you.
These's no rush.不急.
Take your time. 慢慢来.
That's a bummer.
I don't recall. 我忘了.
Just chill out. 冷静下来.
Don't get burned out.不要累坏了.
Don's stress yoruself out. 不要给自己太大压力.
Why would you do that? 你为什么要这么做?
This is unreal.这简直太离谱了.
Not a chance. 没门.

Black coffee纯咖啡.
Sandwich  d silent.
Hash browns:马铃薯煎饼.
Condiments: 调味品.
Ketchup 番茄酱
Mustard 芥末
Dipping sauce. 蘸酱
Pickles 泡黄瓜

03/15/21
one order of fries
Can I have extra spread?
Republican: Conservative(思想保守) Democrat: Liberal(思想开放).
You are too liberal with the word legendary.你用legendary这个词太随意.
Caruosel: 机场行李转运带/旋转木马
How long have you been doing this?

03/18/21
Barista 咖啡师.
Tall 中杯 Grande 大杯 Venti 超大杯
Drink carrier
Could I have a tall iced latte with 2% milk and extra foam please?
a long shot: When something has little chance of succeeding.
get the ball rolling: to make something begin or happen.
look at the big picture: looking at situation as a whole, not the tiny details.
a gray area: an area of uncertainty, an undefined position.
bring to the table: to provide or offer something useful

very happy = thrilled,delighted